hi I'm gonna show you how I make the
pasta grab it for cooling in it are
using have come off on top
he had palm of cabbage carrot you go
like this and I chopped up the small
pieces like that show us more pieces
like that and I using 1 teaspoon of
pepper
and when teaspoon of salt and 2
tablespoon of sugar and 2 tbsp of sesame
oil and 1 egg in it and I put a cabbage
in it and you just mix
and I put one teaspoon of cornstarch in
it
Hey
makes me mix well make sure look good
I'm gonna three are using one egg I put
a feeling in the middle then I put it it
around
then I fold it like this
this is already done one and I using the
new Hong Kong skin the parts take over
so make sure you buy that or something
similar like that yeah I'm gonna make
sorta I'm gonna put their feeling in the
middle like that little bit too much you
don't want to put too much in it then I
put it eight around the edge make that
stick together make sure you put enough
eight so you fold it like that another
one I did my dad did that one too and
you make that stick together
and put the egg around the edge chickens
make sure you screw that tight so they
won't open do the same thing to the
eight around the edge for it like that
okay this is all done so I'm gonna
finger to pan-fry the past occur okay I
turn on about Needham here I put about 2
tbsp oil in it
okay eternal about me down here and I
must agree I'm gonna pan-fry the for two
minutes okay this is about two million
Oh baby
so I just kind of put it about 1/2 cup
of water in your face and meet them you
know a 5 minute this is already 5 minute
so I put a little bit more water in it
another 5 minutes long here okay this is
after the second a 5 minute sea the sea
the water or China like that they mean
they they treat it to brown color like
that tell me they order but make sure
that the first five minutes you turn
will check on the bottom to don't make
sure they are there not to pass if
they're too long we have returned any
load here make sure the poor Hopewell
before you get it I'm gonna be is it
important to me we I'm gonna put it in
the plate right now
that is how I make that pop pot sticker
you